Explain negotiation (#30)
ietf-wg-ohai/draft-ohai-chunked-ohttp: draft-ietf-ohai-chunked-ohttp.md

Chunked Oblivious HTTP defines different media than the non-chunked variant. These
media types are "message/ohttp-chunked-req" (defined in {{iana-req}}) and
"message/ohttp-chunked-res" (defined in {{iana-res}}). If a request uses the
media type "message/ohttp-chunked-req", a successful corresponding response
MUST use the media type "message/ohttp-chunked-res".

Use cases that require the use of Chunked OHTTP SHOULD only use the chunked
media types for their requests, to indicate that Chunked OHTTP is required.
If the gateway unexpectedly does not support Chunked OHTTP, then the request

> will fail as if OHTTP as a whole were not supported. If clients retry requests
> with the non-chunked media type, it is possible for different clients to have
> an inconsistent view of which variant to use, which could be used to partition client anonymity sets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will fail as if OHTTP as a whole were not supported. If clients retry requests
with the non-chunked media type, a gateway could partition client anonymity
sets by rejecting some requests and accepting others.
```
